ID	OID	Title	Description	Brief	Option	Price
1	SML	Doner-Kebab	Our doner kebabs are with only high quality halal meats. This meat is vertically cooked on a rotisserie being cooked with a variety of spices. The meat and then shaved off creating sliced peices. These peices are then placed inside our personal pita bread along with a fresh onions, lettuce, tomatoes and an variety of sauces.	Seasoned Halal meat, sauces and variety of vegetables rolled inside a pita	Small	9.00
1	MED	Doner-Kebab	Our doner kebabs are with only high quality halal meats. This meat is vertically cooked on a rotisserie being cooked with a variety of spices. The meat and then shaved off creating sliced peices. These peices are then placed inside our personal pita bread along with a fresh onions, lettuce, tomatoes and an variety of sauces.	Seasoned Halal meat, sauces and variety of vegetables rolled inside a pita	Medium	11.50
1	LRG	Doner-Kebab	Our doner kebabs are with only high quality halal meats. This meat is vertically cooked on a rotisserie being cooked with a variety of spices. The meat and then shaved off creating sliced peices. These peices are then placed inside our personal pita bread along with a fresh onions, lettuce, tomatoes and an variety of sauces.	Seasoned Halal meat, sauces and variety of vegetables rolled inside a pita	Large	15.00
2	SML	Snack-Pack	Our snack packs is a serve of chips mixed with slices of high quality halal meats. The meat is sliced from a vertically cooking rotisserie which is cooked with various spices. The meat is then placed with the thick-cut chips and served with a thick layer of various sauces like garilic, chilli and bbq with the addition of melted cheese.	A mixture of Halal meats and chips served with a variety of sauces, cheese and peppers	Small	8.00
2	MED	Snack-Pack	Our snack packs is a serve of chips mixed with slices of high quality halal meats. The meat is sliced from a vertically cooking rotisserie which is cooked with various spices. The meat is then placed with the thick-cut chips and served with a thick layer of various sauces like garilic, chilli and bbq with the addition of melted cheese.	A mixture of Halal meats and chips served with a variety of sauces, cheese and peppers	Medium	12.00
2	LRG	Snack-Pack	Our snack packs is a serve of chips mixed with slices of high quality halal meats. The meat is sliced from a vertically cooking rotisserie which is cooked with various spices. The meat is then placed with the thick-cut chips and served with a thick layer of various sauces like garilic, chilli and bbq with the addition of melted cheese.	A mixture of Halal meats and chips served with a variety of sauces, cheese and peppers	Large	18.00
3	SML	Kebab-Skewer	Our doner kebabs are served with succulent Halal meats genrously stacked upon each other on a skewer. The meat is cooked on a vertical rotisserie and cut off in chunks to give you thick tender bites when biting into it. Various spices are then sprinkled onto the meat to give it that extra flavour.	Chunks of Halal meats served on a skewer	Small	5.00
3	MED	Kebab-Skewer	Our doner kebabs are served with succulent Halal meats genrously stacked upon each other on a skewer. The meat is cooked on a vertical rotisserie and cut off in chunks to give you thick tender bites when biting into it. Various spices are then sprinkled onto the meat to give it that extra flavour.	Chunks of Halal meats served on a skewer	Medium	8.00
3	LRG	Kebab-Skewer	Our doner kebabs are served with succulent Halal meats genrously stacked upon each other on a skewer. The meat is cooked on a vertical rotisserie and cut off in chunks to give you thick tender bites when biting into it. Various spices are then sprinkled onto the meat to give it that extra flavour.	Chunks of Halal meats served on a skewer	Large	10.50